[Music]
Dear audience, this place is called the Tower of
Enlightenment. Why is it called the Tower of
Enlightenment? Because after our Buddha
attained enlightenment under the Bodhi tree, after seven weeks of staying there, bowing to the
Bodhi tree to express
gratitude and enjoying the happiness of meditation,
we will hear an introduction to the Bodhi tree. Then,
after that, He
thought of the five brothers
Kieu Tran Nhu, who had practiced asceticism with Him. He went from Bodhi Gaya up here and met the five brothers Kieu Tran Nhu. This place
is called the Tower of Enlightenment, meaning they
met. Do you understand? Enlightenment.
So we see that our Buddha is
very wondrous. He manifested
the body of an ascetic to befriend sentient beings, to form a
spiritual connection with them. So, the five
brothers Kieu Tran Nhu were five brothers who
practiced asceticism before the Buddha. They practiced together in the
same group, but how did they practice when the
Buddha left?  Seeing that ascetic practices
did not lead to liberation, he abandoned
that assembly and went to a place of intense meditation.
From there, karmic connections led to his enlightenment.
He returned to the
Middle Way to practice and attain enlightenment. The karmic connection was
his karmic connection with the five brothers,
Kieu Tran Nhu. Thus,
when the Buddha attained enlightenment, he
first preached to these five brothers. If they
recognized the Dharma, others would also
recognize it because they were fellow practitioners. Is
n't that a rare karmic connection of the
Buddha? For example, when fellow
practitioners practice together like
this, they must recognize that one
person is more skilled than the other.
Recognition from outsiders is
not possible; outsiders wouldn't know how to
recognize it. Therefore, when the Buddha
preached his first sermon, he
captivated the five brothers, Kieu Tran Nhu
and Kieu Tran Nhu, who subsequently attained
Arhatship. These are the
people who prove the Dharma in this human realm.  The
Buddha's teachings lead to
liberation and the attainment of enlightenment. Do we see
this? Therefore, this marking
signifies the first step in the Buddha's
transmission of the Dharma to sentient beings, bringing the
Dharma to enlighten them and giving rise to the state of
liberation. This encounter is an
encounter that brings liberation, an encounter to
proclaim the Dharma afterwards. Do you
see this, dear fellow practitioners? It's very good.
Therefore, we, as people
living at home and in
society, know that if we
participate in something with someone, we
will have the karmic connection to meet,
right, dear fellow practitioners? If we do evil together, we
will meet each other to suffer the
evil consequences. If we do good together, we will meet
each other in that good deed. For example, if
someone does evil with us, if we obey them and
do evil, then at some point
they will suffer the consequences, and
we will also be in that group to
share the consequences, right, dear fellow practitioners?
That's why it's said that in
our families, there are enemies who meet each other from a
previous life, having done evil together.  So, in
this life, we are paying off our past karmic debts together. If we
stole together, one was unlucky, the other stole with their
own hands. In this life,
one person squanders the property, and the other has to work hard to
pay the debt. It's a reunion
to share the consequences, isn't it, esteemed fellow practitioners? And what about this
reunion of
other saints that brings peace and happiness? That is,
people who practice together, share the same aspirations, and
seek the True Meaning. Even if they practice other religions, if they share the same single
aspiration to
achieve sainthood, then someone who is diligent and
courageous will find
the path to liberation or meet a
teacher or fellow practitioner who also practices liberation, and they
will bring the others along,
right, esteemed fellow practitioners? It's like
before, when we all went together to do
wrong things, we became very close. Gradually,
we taught each other and followed the
true Dharma because we saw that when we came
here to practice,
our families became peaceful, our minds became calm,
our personalities
changed, and then the other friends were
convinced, right?  Therefore, dear fellow practitioners,
through this, we should
learn from experience about choosing friends.
Choose good and virtuous friends who encourage
us to do good deeds,
and we know that we will meet again in
happiness and peace,
enjoying happiness and peace together.
If we keep befriending
evil people and conspire to do
evil together, we will meet them again in
suffering. In Buddhism, good and
evil are clearly distinguished
by five ethical boundaries:
firstly, killing and not killing;
secondly, stealing
and not stealing; giving and
not giving; and thirdly, lying, fabricating, slandering, and being cruel. And thirdly,
not
lying, not fabricating, not speaking with a
double tongue, not fabricating, not slandering—all of that is ethical.  We lay
practitioners, those of us who violate moral principles, whether we
engage in
immoral acts or not, are still
involved in those who conspire to
cover up for each other, are
n't we, dear fellow practitioners? We will all
meet and suffer together.
Furthermore, those who are not addicted to
drugs, from those who sell these drugs to those who
use, produce, trade,
and transport them –
these are our groups.
Then we will meet them
in the law of karma. Therefore, as lay
Buddhist disciples, we also have these
encounters, following the Buddha's teachings to
meet each other on the
path to liberation. Do you agree, dear fellow practitioners? We
practice together, seeking liberation,
and then we meet each other, forming a connection to achieve
liberation together. That's
why we ask to form a
connection with each other, supporting
each other in our practice until the day we become Buddhas.
That
is the Buddha's encounter, a supreme encounter.  The
wondrous act of leaving the Three
Jewels and spreading the Dharma in this world
means that the Buddha has already attained enlightenment. Now,
through the five brothers, Kieu Tran Nhu, it is the
first step in spreading it to sentient beings, dear fellow
practitioners. When the Buddha
attained enlightenment, there were only two Jewels: the
Buddha Jewel and the Dharma Jewel. The Buddha is the
one who has attained enlightenment, and the Dharma is the
Dharma that he has realized, that is,
he has known the truth.
Only then do we have two Jewels. When the five brothers,
Kieu Tran Nhu, left the Three Jewels, the Sangha Jewel, then
appeared. At that time, the Sangha appeared, dear fellow practitioners.
This gathering is to make the Three Jewels
appear and flourish, cultivating the field of merit
for sentient beings. This gathering is to
spread and transmit the Dharma to sentient
beings, which is called Turning the Wheel of Dharma. And as
we just visited,
to benefit sentient beings,
we go to the stupa with an enlightened mind,
with the aspiration that from now on, we
will only meet with
sentient beings, only form connections with them.  We only
encounter sentient beings in the
noble precepts of virtue to progress towards saintly
liberation. Do you all agree, dear fellow practitioners?
Therefore, we circumambulate the stupa
with a grateful heart and a silent vow
for ourselves. Now, the mind of the Bodhisattva
will address the Buddha, and then we will circumambulate the stupa.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
We respectfully address our benevolent father, who
has led us to peace and happiness,
who has opened our minds to wisdom.
Today, we are here, where
the Buddha met with the five brothers
Kaundinya, causing the Three Jewels to appear
in the world, causing the attainment of enlightenment,
causing the true Dharma to
flow in the world, benefiting
sentient beings, us and all living
things. Today, with
grateful hearts, we respectfully circumambulate the stupa
to pray for Supreme Enlightenment.
We vow that from now
until countless eons, we will have the karmic
conditions to generate blessings and
encounter only in virtuous conduct
with sentient beings. Our encounters
are truly encounters.  A peaceful reunion
under the protection of the Buddha
enables us to practice the
Dharma, enabling us to
meet each other to transmit the Buddha
Dharma according to our Bodhisattva vow
in this lifetime, which is to cultivate
Bodhi Mind, protect the Three Jewels, and spread the Buddha
Dharma throughout the world. We ask to
follow the Buddha's vow in this life
to benefit the world and bring
liberation to ourselves. We humbly beseech the Benevolent Father, the Buddha, to grant
us his protection. Namo, witnessing Bodhisattva Mahasattva. Namo, ever-
protecting Bodhisattva Mahasattva.
[Music]
We respectfully request the Buddha's guidance and
protection.
Namo, witnessing Bodhisattva Mahasattva.
Namo, the ever-protecting Bodhisattva Mahasattva. Namo, the Tathagata, the supremely enlightened one,
manifesting in the
world, the supremely
enlightened one. Namo, the Tathagata, the
Buddha ...  Each of his titles
is immeasurable and boundless merit,
benefiting sentient beings from countless eons
to the present. We know that if anyone
praises his title with an enlightened mind,
with a respectful and venerable heart, with a heart seeking
Supreme Enlightenment, then the
path to liberation and happiness will be
brought to that person for countless eons to
come. We, as lay
disciples of the Buddha, have attained
some degree of enlightenment and deeply believe in karma. We vow that
with this virtuous merit, we will be blessed and supported by the
Buddhas of the ten directions, so that in every life we ​​are
born, we may walk the path
that the Buddha walked and achieve what the
Buddha achieved.
We respectfully bow and pay homage to the Buddha, the Venerable One, the Perfectly Enlightened One, the World-Knowing One, the Supreme Being, the Master of Heaven and Man, the Teacher of
Gods and Humans.
Respectfully addressing the assembly, we acknowledge that we have
accumulated evil habits over many lifetimes.
Now, when we learn Buddhism and strive for goodness, we are hindered
because our minds are accustomed to
evil deeds. When it comes to good deeds,
they are not yet inclined towards them. We must have a noble path, a path of emptiness and compassion.  Is
n't that right? What we do is due to our own desires, isn't that
right, fellow practitioners? When we were children, we used to
catch dragonflies, cutting off their tails and wings.
We liked it so much that we did
n't even let our minds
think about good and evil. We just continued to suffer,
so it's called the habit of evil being
cultivated to the point of mastery,
so it doesn't need to think.
Fellow practitioners, do you see that if you're used to
cooking rice, you
don't need to think about it? Therefore, if
we do evil without
thinking about it, it shows that
our habit of evil has been perfected. Do you
understand, fellow practitioners? Similarly,
if we observe that when
we make a mistake and are reminded of it, we feel uncomfortable, that
means our habit of evil has been
perfected, and we can accept
good with joy. But when
we are reminded of our mistake and we feel joyful, that
means goodness has begun to shift
towards kindness, and goodness has
begun to transform into a kind and
virtuous person.  My esteemed fellow
practitioners, isn't it true that a virtuous person is
n't fully accomplished until they possess
complete virtue and goodness?
For example, a foolish person might be
very kind and never resist, but
they aren't truly virtuous, are they?
I'm saying this to
encourage us a little at a time. Through self-cultivation of the
Buddha's teachings, or through self-reflection,
we can develop.
As long as we haven't recognized
ourselves, we are not yet true
disciples of the Buddha. My esteemed fellow practitioners, as long as
we haven't recognized
our own actions—good or evil—and abandoned evil, and practiced good,
we are still disciples of the
Buddha, still clinging to our evil habits.
Therefore, to
progress towards discovering
and abandoning evil and doing
good, we must first acknowledge and
correct our mistakes. My esteemed fellow practitioners,
with the Buddha's wisdom, he knows
who he will choose as his first disciple;
he knows everything,
unlike us who just...  If you can hear it,
then listen; if you can't, then don't. Say
whatever you can, because when the Buddha
delivered his first sermon, it had to
have the value of affirming the Dharma. So
when the Buddha delivered the Dharma to the five brothers, including
Kaundinya, when they heard the Four Noble Truths, all
five brothers attained enlightenment and
asked to become his disciples, becoming monks and nuns. At
that time, the Triple Gem was formed: the Buddha, the Dharma,
and the Sangha. Before, there
was the Buddha and the Dharma, meaning there was the
Buddha and the teachings. That's how the Triple Gem came into being. When the five brothers, including Kaundinya, became monks and nuns, the Triple Gem was formed. When the five brothers practiced the Buddha's teachings, they quickly attained enlightenment.
Therefore, the Buddha's act of delivering the
Dharma had to affirm the value of the teachings immediately, which is why the five brothers
attained enlightenment so quickly.
That's why we ask, "Why was
n't I born during the time of the Buddha?
Why didn't the Buddha deliver the Dharma to me?"
Why, dear friends?
Because I heard...  No matter what Dharma we follow, we
cannot accept or
attain enlightenment because our evil nature
is perfected.
Do you agree, Venerable Masters? Because the evil Dharma in our hearts
is perfected. As for the five brothers,
Kieu Tran Nhu, their ideal of liberation was
already great, so they abandoned
everything to practice asceticism. They had the ideal of
liberation, and they practiced the Dharma of moderation and contentment.
They subdued their bodies and minds. They
only had wrong views, not right views.
Therefore, when they heard about right views,
they easily attained enlightenment.
But what about us? We have right views now, what we
call right views about suffering, the
cause of suffering, the path to liberation from suffering, and
the place without suffering. But because we have
n't yet practiced pure conduct, haven't perfected our practice, haven't subdued our minds, have
n't cut off attachment, we
cannot attain enlightenment. And the attachment we have is
very strong; it's attachment to
our knowledge,
called ego-view.  This is my opinion,
my viewpoint, dear fellow practitioners. The
ego is my self, my opinion is
my view, so I don't accept
opinions from outside, whether they are true or
not. I find it very difficult to accept what is called
ego-view. Dear practitioners, do you understand? Attachment
is the same. That's why we
can't meet the Buddha, right?
Therefore, the karmic connection is that we can't meet the
Buddha, right, dear fellow practitioners?
So, the meeting between the Buddha
and the five brothers, like the Trần brothers,
is a karmic connection from many lifetimes.
In a previous life, our Buddha
was a prince. He went into
the forest with his brother, playing in the
forest. Then he saw a mother
tiger and her cubs starving. So he
let his brother go ahead, and he
returned to the tigers. He gave alms,
cutting his hand to let the
tigers suck his blood so they would have the strength to tear
him apart for their cubs to eat. At
that time, he gave alms in this way to seek
Supreme Enlightenment. The important thing is...
Why do we give alms, Venerable Masters? If we give
alms only to seek worldly blessings
and don't think about the
Bodhi Path, don't think about achieving enlightenment, then
we don't have the karmic affinity for it. Do you all agree?
Therefore, I'm
explaining to you, Venerable Masters,
why you all say in the "
Prayer" that you wholeheartedly rely on
your great Master and the Head Teacher: "I beg to
do this because all the
dedication towards Supreme Enlightenment is the
intention of your Master and the contemplative mind,
not your own intention.
You all only have the intention of making your
spouse happy and free from illness, and all
that. So, have you understood
that prayer yet? Do you understand? If you leave it as it is, then the
prayer is over. But
later, you still won't rely on that, but
only on reciting the Dharma to
transform karma, not
on the Bodhi Mind. But you have the practice of
obedience in the six fires of the Dharma; that is
all the merit of Bodhi.  Dear fellow practitioners, you
can create something, but you don't
necessarily need to have the Bodhi Vow,
right? But if you do it, it will
bear fruit. Therefore, you must obey and
practice the Six Harmonies. That's how it is.
If you don't obey, you won't
get that blessing, right? You
won't have the karmic connection
later. That's why
it's like that in the sermon. Do we understand clearly?
This explanation is very
clear, right? Right? So, here we
will explain why
in the sermons there is a part about
wholeheartedly following the great master and the
head teacher. That single-mindedness
is manifested by
practicing the Six Harmonies as guided
today in this ceremony, with the
witness of the monks, in the Six
Harmonies, guided by the
club. That is our practice,
genuine and genuine, and that will give rise to
the Bodhi Mind later, the Bodhi Vow
wisdom later,
right? Everyone is like that, some go
first, others follow.  Everyone starts from the same point; we all
have to obey the wise and virtuous,
right, dear fellow practitioners? We can't
know it ourselves, can we? Therefore, the more we practice, the
more we understand why we must
have the virtue of obedience, why we must practice the
Six Harmonies. It's because we ourselves don't
know how to do it, we can't
do it ourselves, so we have to rely on
others, like a baby. First, it has to rely on its parents. Later, when it can walk on its own, then it can walk on its own, and when it grows up a bit, then it can help others. We
must cherish and rely on others. So today, I
have the witness of the monks and the permission
of the B CT club, the ultimate Dharma assembly, is that right? That's all. With
such genuine obedience, only then will we have something to
dedicate to Supreme Enlightenment, right?
Because we haven't achieved it yet,
so we can only dedicate it within that.
As for everything that goes beyond
that scope, for example, the money I offer as a
donation,
I've already dedicated the effort I put into my practice to what I
wish for, like health and family.  The family is finished,
the economy is finished, only the simple act of
obedience remains—that is the path to Supreme Enlightenment,
right, dear fellow practitioners?
Therefore, from now on, don't be
afraid to obey. If you do, you will lose great benefits. You will never attain
enlightenment
with the enlightened ones. You will only attain
enlightenment with each other. Before,
husbands and wives, children,
family, and friends were only together in a state of resentment and
suffering. Therefore, only through obedience can you follow
in the footsteps of the Buddhas,
dear fellow practitioners. So
today, here we also hope
that through the
virtuous conduct of the Dharma,
we will meet again, take refuge in the
Three Jewels, and practice the
Buddha Dharma to dedicate our merits, hoping to
achieve Supreme Enlightenment.
Do you agree, dear fellow practitioners?
Respectfully, dear fellow practitioners, everything
must have the right conditions. This
sacred land is
the place of a great meeting; this meeting is the
beginning of the Three Jewels, this meeting is the
beginning of the transmission.
Because of the Buddha's teachings, this opportunity is very
beneficial to all fellow practitioners.  This is the victory
we have achieved here. Now let
us contemplate that we were also
here in the past, dear fellow practitioners,
and we hope that we will have
reunions in
future lifetimes, reunions to seek enlightenment,
not
reunions to seek suffering anymore, dear fellow practitioners. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni.
We respectfully bow to
our kind Father, Buddha Shakyamuni.
Today, here, the
Buddha, with his great Bodhi vow and great compassion,
met the five brothers
Kaundinya, initiating the transformation of the
sublime and miraculous Dharma to
enlighten sentient beings. And today, here,
we share with each other to
realize that from countless lifetimes, we
have been accustomed to evil deeds, so
our reunions in all lifetimes have
been reunions with sentient beings
to create karma, reunions to suffer the consequences of
suffering. Therefore, we have not had any
reunions that have brought
benefit and happiness to ourselves or
to sentient beings today.  Here,
we yearn for many lifetimes and future generations. From
this life onwards, if we have the opportunity to meet
again, we pray for a reunion with the
Three Jewels, a reunion with the
Dharma, with enlightened masters who transmit the teachings
to us, a reunion with virtuous
friends and knowledgeable people to help
us attain enlightenment, to help us
achieve merits and attain
supreme Bodhi. Among us, some
have grown weary of painful encounters filled with attachment and
desire to
sever those encounters,
but because evil remains deeply ingrained in our nature, we
continue to commit evil deeds due to ignorance and lack of
clear understanding of whether something is good or evil.
Following the teachings of our benevolent father,
once an evil deed is done, one must
face the painful consequences.
We
yearn for a noble reunion, a
liberating reunion, a reunion that benefits
ourselves and countless sentient
beings. We humbly beseech our esteemed father, Shakyamuni Buddha, to guide and lead us, to diligently practice his immortal Dharma, so that we may attain the Na-chi-attainment.  In the
pursuit of happiness, we humbly present our prayers to the benevolent
Father Shakyamuni
Buddha, asking for his guidance and blessings. We offer flowers and
prayers to the Buddhas, and to the Venerable Teacher Shakyamuni
Buddha, praying
that the true
Dharma may be propagated by the Buddha. We
pray for our diligence in attaining
Bodhi and for the
benefit and happiness of all sentient beings in this Dharma realm. May all
Buddhists participating in this Dharma assembly have their
wishes granted, live a
life of lay people filled with good fortune and blessings, achieve
success in the five desires, protect the
Three Jewels, and diligently pursue the path to
supreme Bodhi. Namo, witnessing the Buddha,
Mahasattva, the Bodhisattva, with a branch of
fragrant flowers,
we offer them with sincere
hearts. We
bow our heads in reverence to the Buddha, contemplating the Buddha's presence
throughout countless eons. We pray for his continued existence, and with
unwavering faith, we seek the
Dharma to guide and liberate sentient beings
during this visit. [Music]  Visiting the Four Sacred Sites
in our homeland, the Land of Buddha,
we have come here to visit the place where the
Buddha met the five brothers, Kieu Tran
Nhu. In the Buddha's great compassion,
in the merit of Bodhi, he transmitted the
Dharma, spreading the sacred teachings to
sentient beings in this Saha world.
This Bodhi mind has created the karmic connection for this meeting.
From countless
eons, we have had many encounters,
countless and boundless, but all of them were
within the realm of evil karma and suffering. These encounters
led to each other creating
karma, and due to karmic consequences, we met and suffered.
This is a rare encounter that we respectfully acknowledge. This encounter,
for
us, is a
noble one, an encounter that creates the karmic connection,
forming the Three Jewels, a field of merit
for humanity and the heavens. This encounter creates the karmic connection for the
Buddha to transmit the Dharma to sentient beings,
saving them from suffering. Today,
with our enlightened minds, we respectfully
pray for this noble encounter,
this encounter that brings about the attainment of enlightenment for the five
brothers,
Kieu Tran Nhu. This encounter, a karmic connection,
transmits the Dharma. We respectfully offer our prayers and dedicate our merits from
now until eternity.  In
future lifetimes, we in this world will
only meet with virtuous and
knowledgeable beings who will help us
awaken to the true Dharma of the Buddha, helping
us achieve
liberation and attain Supreme Enlightenment.
We are weary of encounters filled with
suffering and defilement, and weary of encounters filled with greed. We humbly
beseech the Benevolent Father to bear
witness to us: This is
our enlightened mind.
We wish that with this mind, in
many future lifetimes, we may achieve our desires
under the protection and
guidance of the Benevolent Father, the Buddha
Shakyamuni. We respectfully bow to this
noble encounter, this compassionate encounter, this
encounter that saves sentient beings. We
sincerely and wholeheartedly [music] pay homage to the noble encounter, the encounter of saving sentient beings, the
Buddha Shakyamuni
and the five brothers of the Kieu family.
[music] pay homage to the pure encounter, the attainment of the
holy fruit of liberation for the
Kieu family. The appearance of the
holy fruit of Arhatship in this world. We sincerely pay homage to
this holy encounter,
creating a karmic connection with the Three Jewels and cultivating merit.
Fill in the blanks for the
human and
celestial beings, the sacred gathering is the karmic connection of the
Buddha turning the Wheel of Dharma to save us from suffering.
[Music] We
respectfully bow to the
benevolent Father, the Buddha Shakyamuni. We humbly pray that
all the merits we create from this
enlightenment, the enlightenment of the noble karmic connection, the
enlightenment of the supreme merits of
this gathering, we vow that
from this moment until countless eons in the
future, we will all be born into this world to
meet with virtuous and knowledgeable friends who will
help us to awaken to the true
Dharma of the Buddha, to diligently practice the
Buddha's teachings to achieve the holy
fruit of liberation, to achieve Supreme Enlightenment.
We humbly beseech the benevolent Father to
witness and protect us.
[Music]
We vow to dedicate all
merits to Supreme Enlightenment, to all beings, celestial beings,
gods, Yakshas, ​​Rakshasas, and all
beings with karmic connections with
us, to all beings with karmic connections at this
sacred gathering place, so that they may all
increase their blessings, form
karmic connections with us, and
receive assistance for all eternity.  We pray for each other to practice
until the day we attain Supreme Enlightenment.
We humbly ask the current benevolent Father, that
the lay Buddhists, living in the world for
many lifetimes,
have created much evil karma due to greed and attachment, and therefore currently suffer
much pain. We also ask to
dedicate this merit to
transform karmic forces so that the Buddhists may
have favorable conditions to diligently practice.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
We also pray that we may diligently practice the Bodhisattva path, that the
true Dharma of the Buddha may be
proclaimed throughout the five continents and the world, and that the monks may
practice peacefully. We humbly ask the
Venerable World Honored One that, due to many lifetimes
of creating much evil karma, now that we are
relying on the Sangha to practice asceticism,
our evil karma still
hinders us greatly. We sincerely repent
so that we may have favorable conditions to
practice the Bodhisattva path, to uphold the Three Jewels, and to
spread the Buddha's teachings throughout the world. We pray
that the true Dharma of the Buddha may be
proclaimed. We also pray that a
saint will soon appear in the world to
propagate the Buddha's teachings and preserve the true Dharma of the
Buddha. We also vow to diligently practice.
Following the Buddha's teachings, using all
our efforts and diligence
to preserve the Buddha's Dharma for a long time
in the world, we humbly beseech the Venerable Buddha to protect and guide
us in
fulfilling this vow. We accumulate
merits in this vow so that the
Buddha's Dharma may remain in the world, saving sentient
beings from suffering. We realize
and have awakened that only the
Buddha's Dharma can save sentient beings from
suffering; nothing else can free
them from suffering. This
is our true enlightenment.
With this truth, we
pray that the Sangha of Ba Vang Pagoda may have
favorable conditions to practice the ascetic path, that the monks may
shine brightly,
and that those monks with complete virtue may have the karmic conditions
to lead the assembly of the Four
Assemblies of the Buddha. We
pray that the
Venerable Buddha will bless us, and that all the gods and
spirits, with our sincere hearts, may protect us so that
we may fulfill
this aspiration. Namo, the ever-protecting
Bodhisattva Maha.
[Music]
The Bodhisattva visits the stupa, a meeting of the Buddha's teachings, a
meeting with the five brothers, Mr. Kieu Tran.
As for the merits of my practice, I dedicate them to all beings
throughout the Dharma realm, wishing that they
may all attain the state of non-birth and patience, that they may be freed from the three defilements and be
cleansed of afflictions, that they may attain
truly bright wisdom, that they may be freed from all dark obstacles, and that they may all
attain the supreme Bodhisattva path. I vow to share the merits of this practice with all beings in the ten directions, that they may all attain the supreme enlightenment. I take refuge in the
Buddha, wishing
that all beings may understand the great path and develop the supreme
mind. I take refuge in the
Dharma, wishing that all
beings may deeply penetrate the scriptures of wisdom. I take refuge in the Sangha,
wishing that all beings may understand the great assembly and all beings may attain
Buddhahood. I vow to dedicate these merits to all disciples and beings, that they may all choose to attain Buddhahood.
K
[music]